doc: matter: update existing docs for Wi-Fi (#14)
kkasperczyk-no/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_matter_gs_kconfig.rst

.. _ug_matter_gs_kconfig:
.. _ug_matter_configuring_protocol:

Enabling Matter in Kconfig
##########################

To use the Matter protocol, set the following Kconfig options:

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP` - This option enables the Matter protocol stack and other associated Kconfig options, including :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ENABLE_DNSSD_SRP` that is required for the discovery of the Matter device using DNS-SD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP` - This option enables the Matter protocol stack and other associated features and components, such as C++ support or Zephyr networking layer.
```
SRP is for Thread only, so better to use transport-agnostic examples.

> * :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_PROJECT_CONFIG` - This option defines the path to the configuration file that specifies Vendor ID, Product ID, and other project-specific Matter settings.

Reviewer: Currently, most settings that used to be configured with this file can be configured via Kconfig, so there's no need to mention it here. I would move it to the advanced configuration part with description: "This option defines the path to the configuration file that contains project-specific Matter settings in the form of C preprocessor macros, that cannot be altered using dedicated Kconfig options"
